[Outlook](NAA) Sample showing how to pass user identity to network resource (#924)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/auth/Outlook-Add-in-SSO-NAA-Identity/README.md

1. Save the file.

### Register the client app (Contoso-Outlook-Add-in)

1. Go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page to register your app.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - For **Name**, enter `Contoso-Outlook-Add-in`.
   - For **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.
   - Select **Register**.

1. In the **Overview** blade, find and note the **Application (client) ID**. You use this value in your app's configuration file(s) later in your code.
1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Authentication** blade on the left pane.
1. If you don't have a platform added, select **Add a platform** and choose the **Single-page application** option.
    1. In the **Redirect URI** section, enter the following redirect URIs:
        1. `http://localhost:3000`
        1. `http://localhost:3000/redirect`

>         1. `brk-multihub://localhost:3000`

Reviewer: How do you enter multiple redirects into this field?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/78ddbaeb-cd05-4a98-b81b-c1baf1b5ee7c)

  - office
  - office-outlook
languages:
  - javascript
extensions:
  contentType: samples
  technologies:
    - Add-ins
  createdDate: "01/14/2025 10:00:00 AM"
description: "This sample shows how to send identity claims across the network to resources like a web API service."
---

# Send identity claims to resources using nested app authentication (NAA) and SSO

The scenario for this sample is that you need to send the signed-in user's identity claims (such as name, email, or a unique ID) to a resource such as a database. This enables you to associate and track data for each user in the resource. This sample replaces an obsolete pattern for legacy Exchange Online tokens. The obsolete pattern is that Exchange Online identity tokens were passed over the network to share user identity. Using Entra ID tokens, the ID token must never be passed by your Outlook add-in over the network to any resource. It can only be used within the context of the add-in (such as the task pane) itself. To pass user identity over the network, you use the Entra ID access token which contains the identity claims.

This sample shows how to implement a todo list for multiple users with an Outlook add-in.

> 1. The Outlook add-in (SPA client) uses the MSAL.js library to obtain an access token from Microsoft Entra ID. The MSAL.js library returns an id token, access token, and refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Outlook add-in (SPA client) uses the MSAL.js library to obtain an access token from Microsoft Entra ID. The MSAL.js library returns an ID token, access token, and refresh token.
```

1. The access token is passed in a web request to a protected web API service. The web request validates the access token and confirms the user has permissions to perform the action in the API. The access token contains any identity claims the web API needs.

![A diagram showing the Outlook add-in getting an access token from Microsoft Entra ID and calling the protected web API with the access token.](architecture-diagram.png)

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Applies to

- Outlook on Windows (new and classic), Mac, mobile, and on the web.

## Prerequisites

- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription (including Office on the web).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 16 or greater.
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) version 8 or greater.

> ## Register the sample applications with your Microsoft Entra tenant

Reviewer 2: For each of these heading 3 level procedures, consider adding a screen shot.

Author: done

### Register the web API service

The web API service is a Node.js server that requires an application registration to authorize calls to the todo list database.

1. Go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page to register your app.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - Set **Name** to `Contoso-Web-API-Server`.
   - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.
   - Select **Register**.

> 1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Expose an API** blade to the left to open the page where you can publish the permission as an API for which client applications can obtain access tokens for. The first thing that we need to do is to declare the unique resource URI that the clients will be using to obtain access tokens for this API. To declare an resource URI(Application ID URI), follow the following steps:

Reviewer: This was under a submenu for me.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e1a095c-2da1-4d74-bacc-672ba04b3798)

    - Select **Add** next to the **Application ID URI** to generate a URI that is unique for this app.
    - For this sample, accept the proposed **Application ID URI** (`api://{clientId}`) by selecting **Save**.

    Read more about Application ID URI at [Validation differences by supported account types (signInAudience)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/supported-accounts-validation).

### Publish delegated permissions

All APIs must publish a minimum of one scope, also called Delegated Permission, for the client apps to obtain an access token for a user successfully. To publish a scope, follow these steps:

> 1. Select **Add a scope** button open the **Add a scope** screen and Enter the values as indicated below:

Reviewer: This list and the next one have different numbering styles. Let's pick one to be consistent.

Also, consider making the "Repeat" step, Step 2. It'll make it more obvious that's an action, instead of informatino text.

> 1. Select **Add a scope** button open the **Add a scope** screen and Enter the values as indicated below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add a scope** and enter the values as indicated below.
```

> - For **Scope name**, use `Todolist.Read`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For **Scope name**, select `Todolist.Read`.
```
Is this a selection or is the correct verb "enter"?

- For **User consent display name** type in `Todolist.Read`.
- For **User consent description** type in eg. `Allows the app to read your files.`
- Keep **State** set to **Enabled**.
- Select the **Add scope** button on the bottom to save this scope.

Repeat the previous steps to add a second scope named `Todolist.ReadWrite` along with descriptions that indicate the scope will read and write files.

### Publish application permissions

All APIs should publish a minimum of one [App role for applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-add-app-roles-in-azure-ad-apps#assign-app-roles-to-applications), also called [Application Permission](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent#permission-types), for the client apps to obtain an access token as themselves, i.e. when they are not signing-in a user. Application permissions are the type of permissions that APIs should publish when they want to enable client applications to successfully authenticate as themselves and not need to sign-in users. To publish an application permission, follow these steps:

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggest a screen shot of the **Create app role** options.

1. Still on the same app registration, select the **App roles** blade to the left.
1. Select **Create app role**:

>     1. For **Display name**, enter a suitable name for your application permission, for instance `Todolist.Read.All`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. For **Display name**, enter a suitable name for your application permission, for example `Todolist.Read.All`.
```

    1. For **Allowed member types**, choose **Application** to ensure other applications can be granted this permission.
    1. For **Value**, enter `Todolist.Read.All`.
    1. For **Description**, enter `Allows the app to read the signed-in user's files.`

>     1. Select **Apply** to save your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. To save your changes, select **Apply**.
```

Repeat the previous steps to add another app permission named `Todolist.ReadWrite.All`.

### Configure the service app (Contoso-Web-API-Server) to use your app registration

> Open the sample project in Visual Studio Code to configure the code. In the steps below, "ClientID" is the same as "Application ID" or "AppId".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open the sample project in Visual Studio Code to configure the code. In the following steps, "ClientID" is the same as "Application ID" or "AppId".
```

1. Open the API/server-helpers/authConfig.js file.

> 1. Find the key `Enter_API_Application_Id_Here` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of Contoso-Web-API-Server app copied from the Microsoft Entra admin center.

Reviewer: When did I go to the Microsoft Entra admin center and register something?

1. Save the file.

### Register the client app (Contoso-Outlook-Add-in)

1. Go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page to register your app.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

>    - Set **Name** to `Contoso-Outlook-Add-in`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - For **Name**, enter `Contoso-Outlook-Add-in`.
```

>    - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - For **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.
```

   - Select **Register**.

1. In the **Overview** blade, find and note the **Application (client) ID**. You use this value in your app's configuration file(s) later in your code.

> 1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Authentication** blade to the left.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Authentication** blade on the left pane.
```

> 1. If you don't have a platform added, select **Add a platform** and select the **Single-page application** option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you don't have a platform added, select **Add a platform** and choose the **Single-page application** option.
```

>     1. In the **Redirect URI** section enter the following redirect URIs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. In the **Redirect URI** section, enter the following redirect URIs:
```

        1. `http://localhost:3000`
        1. `http://localhost:3000/redirect`
        1. `brk-multihub://localhost:3000`

>     1. Click **Save** to save your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. To save your changes, select **Save**.
```
Avoid "click" because it describes only mouse interaction. The most common interaction is "select" unless it's an option list, then use "choose".

> Since this app signs-in users, we will now proceed to select **delegated permissions**, which is is required by apps signing-in users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since this app signs-in users, you'll now proceed to select **delegated permissions**, which is required by apps signing-in users.
```

>   1. In the app's registration screen, select the **API permissions** blade in the left to open the page where we add access to the APIs that your application needs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. In the app's registration screen, select the **API permissions** blade on the left pane. This opens the page where you add access to the APIs that your application needs.
```

>   1. Select the **Add a permission** button and then:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Select the **Add a permission** button, and choose the **My APIs** tab.
```

>   1. Ensure that the **My APIs** tab is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   1. In the list of APIs, select the API `Contoso-Web-API-Server`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. In the list of APIs, choose the API `Contoso-Web-API-Server`.
```

  1. In the **Delegated permissions** section, select **Todolist.Read**, **Todolist.ReadWrite** in the list. Use the search box if necessary.

>   1. Select the **Add permissions** button at the bottom.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Select the **Add permissions** button.
```

### Configure the client app (Contoso-Outlook-Add-in) to use your app registration

Open the sample project in Visual Studio Code to configure the code.

> > In the steps below, "ClientID" is the same as "Application ID" or "AppId".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In the following steps, "ClientID" is the same as "Application ID" or "AppId".
```

## Run the sample

First, start the web API service. In a console window, go to the root project folder of the sample. Run the following commands.

```console
    cd API
    npm start
```

Next, start and sideload the Outlook add-in. In a new console window, go to the root project folder of the sample. Run the following commands.

```console
    cd SPA
    npm start
```

The following instructions assume you are sideloading in Outlook for Windows. To sideload on other platforms, see [Sideload Outlook add-ins for testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing)

1. Open Outlook (if it isn't already opened) and sign in.
1. Open an existing email item.
1. On the ribbon for the email item, select the **Show Task Pane** button. This will open the task pane of the add-in.
1. In the task pane, enter a new task in the text box, and select **Add**. You can enter multiple tasks.
1. Select **Get todo list** to get the task list.
1. You can also delete tasks in the list itself.

> If you sign in as a different user, you will get a list just for that user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you sign in as a different user, you'll get a list just for that user.
```

For validation and debugging purposes, developers can decode **JWT**s (*JSON Web Tokens*) using [jwt.ms](https://jwt.ms).

### Access to data

Controllers should check if the presented access token has the necessary permissions to access the data, depending on the type of permission. This is illustrated in [todolist.js](./API/controllers/todolist.js):

```JavaScript
exports.getTodos = (req, res, next) => {
    // Check that caller has the delegated todolist.read permission from the user.
    if (hasRequiredDelegatedPermissions(req.authInfo, authConfig.protectedRoutes.todolist.delegatedPermissions.read)) {

        try {
            const owner = req.authInfo['oid'];

            const todos = db.get('todos')
                .filter({ owner: owner })
                .value();

            res.status(200).send(todos);
        } catch (error) {
            next(error);
        }
    } else {
        next(new Error('User does not have the required permissions.'));
    }
}
```

When granting access to data based on scopes, be sure to follow [the principle of least privilege](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/secure-least-privileged-access).

> ## More information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Learn more about the Microsoft identity platform
```

> Learn more about the Microsoft identity platform:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - [Microsoft identity platform (Microsoft Entra ID for developers)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft identity platform (Microsoft Entra ID for developers)](/entra/identity-platform/)
```

> - [Overview of Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-overview)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Overview of Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL)](/entra/identity-platform/msal-overview)
```

> - [Understanding Microsoft Entra application consent experiences](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/application-consent-experience)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Consent experience for applications in Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity-platform/application-consent-experience)
```

> - [Understand user and admin consent](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-convert-app-to-be-multi-tenant#understand-user-and-admin-consent)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Convert single-tenant app to multitenant on Microsoft Entra ID](/entra/identity-platform/howto-convert-app-to-be-multi-tenant#understand-user-and-admin-consent)
```

> - [Microsoft identity platform and OpenID Connect protocol](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-protocols-oidc)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenID Connect on the Microsoft identity platform](/entra/identity-platform/v2-protocols-oidc)
```

> - [Microsoft identity platform ID Tokens](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/id-tokens)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ID tokens in the Microsoft identity platform](/entra/identity-platform/id-tokens)
```

> For more information about how OAuth 2.0 protocols work in this scenario and other scenarios, see [Authentication Scenarios for Microsoft Entra ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-flows-app-scenarios).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about how OAuth 2.0 protocols work in this scenario and other scenarios, see [Microsoft identity platform app types and authentication flows](/entra/identity-platform/authentication-flows-app-scenarios).
```

Author: In Github these links have to be the full URL.

Reviewer 2: Ack so sorry about that! Don't know what I was thinking. I will resolve those suggestions.

## Questions and feedback

- Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/issues/new/choose) and we'll help you out.
- We'd love to get your feedback about this sample. Go to our [Office samples survey](https://aka.ms/OfficeSamplesSurvey) to give feedback and suggest improvements.

> - For general questions about developing Office Add-ins, go to [Microsoft Q&A](https://learn.microsoft.com/answers/topics/office-js-dev.html) using the office-js-dev tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For general questions about developing Office Add-ins, go to [Microsoft Q&A](/answers/topics/office-js-dev.html) and use the office-js-dev tag.
```

## Applies to

- Outlook on Windows (new and classic), Mac, mobile, and on the web.

## Prerequisites

- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription (including Office on the web).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 16 or greater.
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) version 8 or greater.

## Register the sample applications with your Microsoft Entra tenant

### Register the web API service

The web API service is a Node.js server that requires an application registration to authorize calls to the todo list database.

1. To register your app, go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - Set **Name** to `Contoso-Web-API-Server`.
   - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.
   - Select **Register**.

> 

Reviewer: The second time we register an application here, we are told to note the Application (client) ID. For this first application, we are told to grab the ID from the Microsoft Entra admin center when needed. I'd recommend avoiding sending people to the other admin center (unless that's what I'm messing up).

Author: I removed mentions of the Entra admin center so it all focused on the portal now.

Author: I removed all references to Microsoft Entra admin center.

1. Open the `API/server-helpers/authConfig.js` file.
1. Find the key `Enter_API_Application_Id_Here` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of Contoso-Web-API-Server app copied from the Microsoft Entra admin center.
1. Save the file.

### Register the client app (Contoso-Outlook-Add-in)

1. Go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page to register your app.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - For **Name**, enter `Contoso-Outlook-Add-in`.
   - For **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.
   - Select **Register**.

1. In the **Overview** blade, find and note the **Application (client) ID**. You use this value in your app's configuration file(s) later in your code.
1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Authentication** blade on the left pane.

> 1. If you don't have a platform added, select **Add a platform** and choose the **Single-page application** option.

Reviewer: Why would you have a platform added at this point in the sample?

Author: fixed

Author: fixed

1. Select the **Add permissions** button.

Your scopes should appear as shown in the following screenshot.

![list of scopes](./images/scopes-added-client.png)

### Configure the client app (Contoso-Outlook-Add-in) to use your app registration

Open the sample project in Visual Studio Code to configure the code.

1. Open the `SPA/src/taskpane/msalconfig.ts` file.
1. Find the key `Enter_Application_Client_Id_Here` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of `Contoso-Outlook-Add-in` app copied from the Microsoft Azure app registration page.
1. Save the file.

Next you need to add the API web server's application ID. **This is not the same ID as the previous steps**.

1. Open the `SPA/src/taskpane/authConfig.ts` file.
1. Find the key `Enter_API_Application_Id_Here` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of `Contoso-Web-API-Server` app copied from the Microsoft Azure app registration page.

## Run the sample

First, start the web API service. In a console window, go to the root project folder of the sample. Run the following commands.

```console
    cd API

>     npm install

Reviewer: FYI, these install commands are already generating high vulnerability warnings.

Author: fixed.

    npm start
```

Next, start and sideload the Outlook add-in. In a new console window, go to the root project folder of the sample. Run the following commands.

```console
    cd SPA
    npm install
    npm start
```

> The following instructions assume you are sideloading in Outlook for Windows. To sideload on other platforms, see [Sideload Outlook add-ins for testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing)

Reviewer: The following instructions don't talk about sideloading - they assume you've already sideloaded.

Author: fixed.

1. Open Outlook (if it isn't already opened) and sign in.
1. Open an existing email item.

> 1. On the ribbon for the email item, select the **Show Task Pane** button. This will open the task pane of the add-in.

Reviewer: Didn't see anything after sideloading in OWA. Let's sync over Teams and figure this out.

1. In the task pane, enter a new task in the text box, and select **Add**. You can enter multiple tasks.

> 1. Select **Get todo list** to get the task list.

Reviewer: Getting this error after signing in. FWIW, on the first write attempt, I didn't check "Consent on behalf of the organization" and haven't been reprompted to do so.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3361eddb-7ee0-48fd-9a6c-c331cf5faeee)

  - office
  - office-outlook
languages:
  - javascript
extensions:
  contentType: samples
  technologies:
    - Add-ins
  createdDate: "01/14/2025 10:00:00 AM"
description: "This sample shows how to send identity claims across the network to resources like a web API service."
---

# Send identity claims to resources using nested app authentication (NAA) and SSO

The scenario for this sample is that you need to send the signed-in user's identity claims (such as name, email, or a unique ID) to a resource such as a database. This enables you to associate and track data for each user in the resource. This sample replaces an obsolete pattern for legacy Exchange Online tokens. The obsolete pattern is that Exchange Online identity tokens were passed over the network to share user identity. Using Entra ID tokens, the ID token must never be passed by your Outlook add-in over the network to any resource. It can only be used within the context of the add-in (such as the task pane) itself. To pass user identity over the network, you use the Entra ID access token which contains the identity claims.

This sample shows how to implement a todo list for multiple users with an Outlook add-in.

> 1. The Outlook add-in (SPA client) uses the MSAL.js library to obtain an access token from Microsoft Entra ID. The MSAL.js library returns an ID token, access token, and refresh token.

Reviewer 3: refresh token is used in NAA flow, but it is not exposed to developer.

Author: fixed

## Prerequisites

- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription (including Office on the web).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 16 or greater.
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) version 8 or greater.

## Register the sample applications with your Microsoft Entra tenant

### Create the app registration

The web API service is a Node.js server that requires an application registration to authorize calls to the todo list database. Also the Outlook add-in will require app registration to request access tokens. Although you can create two app registrations for the API service and the add-in client code, this sample combines both into a single app registration to keep it simple.

1. To register your app, go to the [Azure portal - App registrations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) page.
1. Sign in with the **_admin_** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.
1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - Set **Name** to `Contoso-Outlook-Identity-Sample`.

>    - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in this organizational directory only**.

Author: should have been multi tenant. fixed

    - For **Admin consent description** enter `Allows the app to read the signed-in user's files.`
    - For **User consent display name** enter `Todolist.Read`.
    - For **User consent description** enter a description. For example, `Allows the app to read your files.`
    - For **State**, select **Enabled**.
    - To save this scope, select the **Add scope** button.

Repeat the previous steps to add a second scope named `Todolist.ReadWrite` along with descriptions that indicate the scope will read and write files.

Your scopes should appear as shown in the following screenshot.

![A screenshot showing the two scopes successfully list on the Expose an API page.](./images/scopes-added.png)

### Pre-authorize the app registration

You need to pre-authorize the app registration to allow calls to itself.

1. In the same **Expose an API** pane, select **Add a client application**.
1. Enter the client ID of this app registration which is found on the **Overview** page
1. Select both authorized scopes and then select **Add application**.

![A screenshot showing the client ID added to list of client applications.](./images/pre-authorized-client.png)

> ### Publish application permissions

Reviewer 3: I don't see your sample add-in actually using these app-only permissions. If all your scenarios have a user involved in adding/updating the tasks, you should only add the user delegated scopes.

Author: I removed them.

    1. For **Display name**, enter a suitable name for your application permission, for example `Todolist.Read.All`.
    1. For **Allowed member types**, choose **Application** to ensure other applications can be granted this permission.
    1. For **Value**, enter `Todolist.Read.All`.
    1. For **Description**, enter `Allows the app to read the signed-in user's files.`
    1. To save your changes, select **Apply**.

Repeat the previous steps to add another app role named `Todolist.ReadWrite.All`.
Your app roles should appear as shown in the following screenshot.

![A screenshot showing the two app roles successfully listed on the App roles page.](./images/app-roles-complete.png)

1. In the app's registration screen, select the **Manage** > **Authentication** blade on the left pane.
1. Select **Add a platform** and choose the **Single-page application** option.

    ![select redirect platform](./images/add-platform.png)

    1. In the **Redirect URI** section, enter the following redirect URI:
        1. `http://localhost:3000`
    1. Select **Configure**.
    1. After the page updates with the new URI, select **Add URI** and add the following redirect URIs:

>         1. `http://localhost:3000/redirect`

Reviewer 3: should this be http://localhost:3000/auth

I don't see https://localhost:3000/redirect getting used, although I see http://localhost:3000/auth being used.

Author: They both get referenced, but we can revisit this later if there is a better way to set up the fallback redirects.

        1. `brk-multihub://localhost:3000`
    1. To save your changes, select **Save**.

    ![A screenshot showing the three redirect uris successfully listed on the Authentication page.](./images/redirect-uris-completed.png)

Since this app signs-in users, you'll now proceed to select delegated permissions, which is required by apps signing-in users.

1. In the app's registration screen, select the **API permissions** blade on the left pane. This opens the page where you add access to the APIs that your application needs.
1. Select the **Add a permission** button, and choose the **APIs my organization uses** tab.
1. In the list of APIs, choose the API `Contoso-Outlook-Identity-Sample`.
  
    ![A screenshot showing to select API permissions, Add a permission, APIs my organization uses, and then the Contoso-Outlook-Identity-Sample on the API permissions page.](./images/select-permissions.png)

1. In the **Delegated permissions** section, select **Todolist.Read**, **Todolist.ReadWrite** in the list. Use the search box if necessary.
1. Select the **Add permissions** button.

Your permissions should appear as shown in the following screenshot.

> ![A screenshot showing to select Delegated permissions, then select the Todolist.Read and Todolist.ReadWrite permissions.](./images/scopes-added-client.png)

Reviewer 3: had to also configure V2 tokens in my AAD registration to get the sample to work, it was returning 1.0 token without it.
	"api": {
		"acceptMappedClaims": null,
		"knownClientApplications": [],
		**"requestedAccessTokenVersion": 2,**

Author: fixed
